Xiao Rui
Then I will tomorrow week
It seems that you still care about yourself
Your community lied to me.
You are smart
Why does the president of Huanghuamu always have trouble with me?
You're wrong. My goal from start to finish
Not you
What does that mean?
If not for your husband
I wouldn't be in this situation today
What does your reality have to do with him?
You don't have to know.
It's just that he has lost everything he has
You make it clear to me
What!
Wu Rui
You negotiated
Everything is golden
What a good person now
Play what shouldn't be involved in your business
Sister, please feel wronged first.
Call the Land War
Am I not a family politician?
Sir, I want to make a phone call
Gu Qianyun is now in my hands
Want him alive
Hurry up and find Lu's Jiufeng under my name
Wuzhou
Don't hit him
If you don't go
I'll kill him and his children now
Ok don't do it, I'll give it
Go prepare the company to arrest the uncle of the agreement
Can you go quickly?